OCPBUGS-46577: Provision for user-configured endpoints for IBMCLOUD_IAM_API_ENDPOINT, IBMCLOUD_IAM_API_ENDPOINT,etc (#79)
openshift/ibm-powervs-block-csi-driver-operator: README.md

oc -n openshift-cluster-csi-drivers delete deployment.apps/powervs-block-csi-driver-operator deployment.apps/ibm-powervs-block-csi-driver-controller daemonset.apps/ibm-powervs-block-csi-driver-node
```

# Define custom endpoints for the CSI driver:

> Include a `serviceEndpoints` section to configure non-default endpoints. For example:

Author: I've hyper linked the documentation to serviceEndpoints. Hope that's okay.

```shell
   serviceEndpoints:
    - name: rc
      url: https://resource-controller.test.cloud.ibm.com
```
Reference:
```shell
iam - IBMCLOUD_IAM_API_ENDPOINT
rc - IBMCLOUD_RESOURCE_CONTROLLER_API_ENDPOINT
pi - IBMCLOUD_POWER_API_ENDPOINT

> 

Author: Addressed!

oc -n openshift-cluster-csi-drivers delete deployment.apps/powervs-block-csi-driver-operator deployment.apps/ibm-powervs-block-csi-driver-controller daemonset.apps/ibm-powervs-block-csi-driver-node
```

# Define custom endpoints for the CSI driver:

> Include a [serviceEndpoints](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.17/rest_api/config_apis/infrastructure-config-openshift-io-v1.html#status-platformstatus-powervs-serviceendpoints-2) section to configure non-default endpoints. For example:

Reviewer: User wont be able to directly update the status subresoruce, They need to add it in spec we have a controlller which does some basic validation and mirros it across the status.

So you should change this link to point to spec: https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/master/config/v1/types_infrastructure.go#L1717-L1724

Author: Hey, thanks for pointing out. 
I have updated the URL to : https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.17/rest_api/config_apis/infrastructure-config-openshift-io-v1.html#spec-platformspec-powervs-serviceendpoints-2 which does cover the `spec`. 
I'll also all the reference to : https://github.com/openshift/api/blob/master/config/v1/types_infrastructure.go#L1717-L1724

oc -n openshift-cluster-csi-drivers delete deployment.apps/powervs-block-csi-driver-operator deployment.apps/ibm-powervs-block-csi-driver-controller daemonset.apps/ibm-powervs-block-csi-driver-node
```

# Define custom endpoints for the CSI driver:

> Include a [serviceEndpoints](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.17/rest_api/config_apis/infrastructure-config-openshift-io-v1.html#spec-platformspec-powervs-serviceendpoints-2) section to configure non-default endpoints, which is defined

Reviewer 2: To keep the link updated to the latest.
```suggestion
Include a [serviceEndpoints](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/latest/rest_api/config_apis/infrastructure-config-openshift-io-v1.html#spec-platformspec-powervs-serviceendpoints-2) section to configure non-default endpoints, which is defined
```

Author: Addressed! thanks!
